function Jp({pageId:e,onBack:t}){const r={privacy:{title:"Privacy Policy",icon:"🔒",updated:"June 1, 2026",sections:[{h:"1. Information We Collect",p:"We collect information you provide when registering on Authority Media Placement, including your full name, email address, role (advertiser or publisher), and PayPal account details for payment processing. We also collect usage data such as pages visited, orders placed, sites listed, and search queries within the platform."},{h:"2. How We Use Your Information",p:"Your information is used to: provide and operate our marketplace services; process payments securely via PayPal; send transactional emails regarding your orders, withdrawals, and account activity; improve platform features based on usage patterns; and communicate important platform updates. We never sell your personal data to third parties or use it for advertising purposes."},{h:"3. Payment Data & PayPal",p:"All payment processing is handled exclusively by PayPal. Authority Media Placement does not store, process, or have access to your credit card, debit card, or banking information. When you make a payment or receive a withdrawal, you are interacting directly with PayPal's secure infrastructure. PayPal's privacy policy governs the handling of your financial data."},{h:"4. Cookies & Local Storage",p:"We use browser localStorage to maintain your login session, save your platform preferences, and store registered user data for the demo environment. We do not use third-party tracking cookies, advertising cookies, or analytics cookies that track you across websites. Essential session data is stored locally on your device only."},{h:"5. Data Security",p:"We implement industry-standard security measures to protect your data: all connections are secured with SSL/TLS encryption; passwords are hashed using SHA-256 with unique salts and are never stored in plain text; brute-force login protection locks accounts after 5 failed attempts; and our platform is hosted on Vercel's secure, SOC 2-compliant infrastructure."},{h:"6. Data Sharing",p:"We do not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to third parties. We may share minimal necessary data with PayPal for payment processing, and with Vercel for hosting. We may disclose information if required by law or to protect the rights, property, or safety of our users or the platform."},{h:"7. Your Rights",p:"You have the right to: access your personal data held by us; request correction of inaccurate information; request deletion of your account and associated data; withdraw consent for data processing where applicable. To exercise these rights, please contact us at privacy@authorityplacement.com. We will respond within 30 days."},{h:"8. Contact",p:`For privacy-related questions or data requests:
Email: privacy@authorityplacement.com
Website: authorityplacement.com
This policy was last updated: June 2026`}]},terms:{title:"Terms of Service",icon:"📋",updated:"June 1, 2026",sections:[{h:"1. Acceptance of Terms",p:"By accessing or using Authority Media Placement (authorityplacement.com), you agree to be bound by these Terms of Service and all applicable laws and regulations. If you do not agree with any part of these terms, you may not use our platform. These terms apply to all users including advertisers, publishers, and visitors."},{h:"2. Platform Description",p:"Authority Media Placement is a marketplace that connects advertisers seeking backlinks and content placement with publishers who own and operate websites. We facilitate transactions between these parties and provide tools to manage orders, track metrics, and process payments. We are a marketplace operator and not a party to the underlying publishing agreements."},{h:"3. Publisher Obligations",p:"Publishers must: only list websites they own or have full authority to monetize; maintain accurate SEO metrics (DA, DR, traffic) on their listings; deliver all orders within the stated turnaround time; publish content that meets the agreed specifications including the correct backlink placement; maintain listed links as DoFollow for a minimum of 12 months; and not remove or modify published content without advertiser consent."},{h:"4. Advertiser Obligations",p:"Advertisers must: ensure all submitted content is original, accurate, and does not violate intellectual property rights; not submit content promoting illegal activities, adult content without appropriate site consent, gambling, pharmaceuticals without licensing, or any content that violates the target website's editorial guidelines; provide complete order details including target URL and anchor text; and not attempt to communicate with publishers outside the platform to avoid commission."},{h:"5. Platform Commission",p:"Authority Media Placement charges a 10% commission on all transactions. This fee is automatically deducted from the publisher's earnings at the time of order completion. Advertisers pay the full listed price. For example: a $200 order results in the publisher receiving $180 and the platform retaining $20. This commission structure is non-negotiable and applies to all transactions."},{h:"6. Payment Terms",p:"All payments are processed via PayPal. Advertiser funds are held securely until the publisher delivers the order and it is approved. Publishers receive payment within 2–3 business days of order approval, subject to a 7-day holding period for fraud prevention. The minimum withdrawal amount is $50. Refunds are available if the publisher fails to deliver within the agreed timeframe."},{h:"7. Prohibited Activities",p:"The following activities will result in immediate account termination and potential legal action: conducting transactions off-platform to circumvent commission; creating fake or duplicate accounts; submitting false SEO metrics for site listings; engaging in any form of link scheme or spam; harassing or threatening other users; attempting to hack or disrupt platform systems; or creating private blog networks (PBNs) disguised as legitimate sites."},{h:"8. Dispute Resolution",p:"In case of disputes between advertisers and publishers regarding content quality, delivery, or link specifications, Authority Media Placement will act as a neutral mediator. Users must contact support@authorityplacement.com within 14 days of the dispute arising. Our mediation team will review evidence from both parties and issue a binding decision within 5 business days."},{h:"9. Limitation of Liability",p:"Authority Media Placement is not liable for: changes in search engine rankings or algorithms; the long-term SEO effectiveness of any backlink; content quality disputes beyond our mediation process; actions of third-party services including PayPal; or any indirect, incidental, or consequential damages arising from use of the platform."},{h:"10. Modifications",p:"We reserve the right to modify these Terms of Service at any time. Material changes will be communicated via email to registered users at least 14 days before taking effect. Continued use of the platform after changes constitutes acceptance of the new terms."}]},contact:{title:"Contact Us",icon:"📬",updated:"June 1, 2026",sections:[{h:"General Inquiries",p:`📧 hello@authorityplacement.com
For general questions about our platform, features, and services.
Response time: Within 24 hours on business days (Mon–Fri).`},{h:"Publisher Support",p:`📧 publishers@authorityplacement.com
For help with: listing your site, getting approved, managing orders, content requirements, and withdrawing your earnings.
Response time: Within 12 hours on business days.`},{h:"Advertiser Support",p:`📧 advertisers@authorityplacement.com
For help with: placing orders, content specifications, campaign strategy, finding the right sites, and PayPal payment issues.
Response time: Within 12 hours on business days.`},{h:"Billing & Payments",p:`📧 billing@authorityplacement.com
For: PayPal connection issues, withdrawal requests, refunds, invoice queries, and commission-re